Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Are you Google? Because I've just found what I've been searching for.
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What's your number?
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Know what's on the menu? Me n u.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
My coffee is really hot. But you're hotter.
I had to clean my filter twice after I saw how beautiful you are, because I couldn’t believe my Arabicas.
I know you’ve turned me down before, but I’m asking for an extra shot.
Black coffee. A purist. I give my stamp of approval.
Hark! An angel has fallen to grounds.
Wanna go on a doppio date?
You’re looking very non-fat these days.
Is that a steam wand in your pocket?
Don’t add honey to that chamomile, you’re already too sweet.
I like my baristas like I like my coffee - hot, sweet, and creamy.
I like the way you espresso yourself.
Hold the sugar please, you're sweet enough for the both of us.
I'm going to start watching my caffeine intake, because baby you make my heart palpitate.
I’ve got a love story for you: Long black meets flat white.
You giving me your number sounds like a fair trade.
If you need to take it slow, I can cold-brew.
I bet you don’t like drips.
Do you want me to grind that for you?
Baby, chai-know you’ve been thinkin’ ‘bout me.
I’m very gentle on the frothing knob.
You roast my heart.
That's a nice mug you got on ya.
Been thinking about you a latte
Can you pass the coffee and sugar because you just made me cream in my pants
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Are you a faulty French press because I'd like to be burned by you and recall you afterwards.
I can feel something brewing between the two of us.
Even if there wasn't any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you!
Is there a science room nearby, or am I just sensing the chemistry between us?
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
I want our love to be like pi, irrational and never ending.
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
There's a big sale in my bedroom right now. Clothes are now 100% off!
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal you're heart, and you'll steal mine.
I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you.
I'm from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I'm going to have to ask you to assume the position.
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard.
Kissing burns 5 calories a minute. How about a workout?
Crap. Something is wrong with my cell phone. {Oh Really. What is that?} Its just that...your numbers not in it.
Do you have a map? Because I just keep getting lost in your eyes!
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
Kissing is a language of love, so how about a conversation?
You know what’s beautiful? Read the first word.
I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there. So I am going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got FINE written all over you.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
You're so beautiful you made me forget my pick up line.
I've got skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
I think there's something wrong with my eyes because I can't take them off you.
There are 20 angels in the world 11 are playing, 8 are sleeping and 1 of them is standing in front of me.
Your lips look so lonely...Would they like to meet mine?
Roses are red, violets are blue, there is no better place than to be here with you.
Your eyes are like a sunset, They're Beautiful, inspiring, and hard to turn away from.
If you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
People call me John, but you can call me Tonight!
If I had to rate you out of 10 I'd rate you a 9... because I am the one that you are missing!
You are so sweet you could put Hershey's out of business.
It's a good thing I wore my gloves today; otherwise, you'd be too hot to handle.
Are you a light switch? 'Cause you turn me on!
What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because I want to spend it with you.
I know somebody who likes you but if I weren't so shy, I'd tell you who.
It's not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
Are you a broom? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet!
Did the sun come up or did you just smile at me?
On a scale of one to America, how free are you tonight?
Wanna get some coffee, Because I like you a Latte
Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you.
I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are!
So, do you have a new years resolution, I'm looking at mine right now.
Summer's over, because you're about to fall for me.
If you were a potato, you'd be a sweet one.
I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it
Are you a crayon? Cause you bring color to my life.
See my friend over there? They want to know if you think I'm cute.
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
I don't know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.
Wanna bet if I can kiss you on the lips without touching you?
If LOVE was written on every grain of sand in the Sahara Desert that still doesn't equal my love for you.
I've been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look?
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
How does it feel to be the most beautiful person in this place?
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Excuse me, if I go straight this way, will I be able to reach your heart?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Excuse me, I'm lost. Can you give me directions to your house?
I may not be DQ, but I could treat you right.
Your eyes are bluer than the Atlantic ocean, and I'm lost at sea!
Heaven's missing an Angel.
I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
You're so hot you must've started global warming.
If I freeze, it's not a computer virus. I was just stunned by your beauty.
If I told you that you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
I didn't know angels were allowed on campus.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush
Your smile lit up the room, so I just had to come over.
Are those diamonds real? I was talking about the ones in your eyes.
If you were a burger at McDonald's you'd be the McGorgeous.
Do you have a band-aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you!
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Do you have an eraser? Because I can't get you out of my mind.
Roses are red, violets are blue, lava is hot and so are you.
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
Looks like you dropped something, my jaw!
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.\
I need more than 140 characters to tell you how beautiful you are.
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? Some little kid with wings shot me.
I know I don't have a chance, but I just wanted to hear an angel speak.
I must be in heaven because I'm looking at an angel!
We're like Little Ceasar's, we're Hot and Ready.
You know, it'd be a lot easier for me to sweep you off your feet if you stood up.
Charizards are red Squirtals are blue if u were a Pokemon I would choose you!
Santa's lap isn't the only place wishes come true.
Can you kiss me on the cheek so I can at least say someone cute kissed me tonight?
You are the reason Santa even has a naughty list.
Are you from Holland? Because amsterdayyyuuumm.
If you were a laser you would be set on stunning.
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
Excuse me, could you please dial down your hotness, it's causing global warming
Let's make like a fabric softener and snuggle!
Do you have a mirror in your pocket? 'Cause I could see myself in your pants.
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!
Could you please step away from the bar? You're melting all the ice!
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
I think you just stole something. My heart.
I think it is time I tell you what people are saying behind your back. Nice butt!
If i was cosin squared and you were sin squared we would be one.
I've noticed you noticing me and I'm just giving you notice that I've noticed you!
I was wondering if you have a moment to spare for me to hit on you?
Hey, I didnt know angels flew so low.
Are you a Hurricane? Cause you're blowing me away.
Hey, are you my appendix? Because I don't understand what you do, but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out?
Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're mm mm good!
I would die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you!
Are you an interior decorator? Cause you are making this room beautiful
I can't think of anyone else I'd rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.
Do you have any raisins? No? How about a date?
Smile if you want to sleep with me.
Apart from being smexy, what do you do for a living?
Are those space pants? Because your butt is out of this world!
What do you and the weather have in common? You're both Hot!
I know my chemistry, and you've got one significant figure.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie about that part?
You got a little beautiful on your face.
I've heard it's bad luck not to kiss someone at new year's eve's midnight.
Wanna ring in the new year with a bang?
A face without freckles is like a night sky without stars.
There isn't a word in the dictionary to describe how beautiful you are.
I am a person of few words. You are beautiful. Would you like to go out?
Were your parents aliens? Because there's nothing else like you on earth!
I'll show you my tan lines if you show me yours.
I'll tell you my name if you can call me tonight!
Did you hear that? Was that canon fire? Oh no, it's just my heart pounding!
I'm going outside to make out... care to join me?
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
Do you know karate? Cause your body's kickin!
Can I Hakuna your ma-tatas?
You must be Cinderella, because I see that dress disappearing by midnight.
I can take you to infinity and beyond.
Call me Pooh, because all I want is you, honey.
Give me a Woody and I'll make you Buzz for light years.
One night with me, and I'll show you a whole new world.
I must be Lighting McQueen, 'cause you've got my heart racing.
Is your name Ariel? Cause we mermaid for each other.
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
You are part of the circle of my life.
Hey Beauty, can I introduce you to my Beast?
You don't need a spoonful of sugar to make me go down.
I'd really like to Poke-her-hontas.
Sit on my face and ask me to lie... What? You've never been Pinocchio'd?
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Hey Aladdin, is that a lamp in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Hey Jasmine, Does the magic carpet match the drapes?
Hi, I'm Andy. Wanna play with my Woody?
Hey Cinderella let's see if this fits!
Can you feel the love tonight?
I'll make you want to spend more time in bed with me than Sleeping, Beauty.
Honestly, I just wanna get The Sword in the Stone!
Hi my name is Mickey, and there is nothing Minnie about me!
I’ll bippity bop you!
Minnie, want to see my polka dot bed sheets?
You can call me Nemo, because I'm gonna "touch the butt"
Forget Aladdin, I'm thinking bout Jasmine's carpet.
Things are much better down where it's wetter.
Where did you hide your wings?
Is it bright out here, or is that just your halo?
I hope there's a fireman around, cause you're smokin'!
I didn't believed in heaven, until I saw you.
All those curves, and me with no brakes!
Are you the new school janitor? Because you just swept me off my feet.
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine
I'm drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth now!
You Auto-Complete me.
I'm going to need a tall glass of cold water, you're way too HOT!
Do you have the time? No, the time to write down my number?
Is your name mickey? because your so FINE!
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Are you sure you're not an alien because you've just abducted my heart!
Is your name Summer? Cause you are hot!
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Hello. Cupid called. They said to tell you that they need my heart back.
Are you from Russia? Cause you’re russian my heart rate!
You're so sweet, you're giving me a toothache.
You're so hot; you make the sun envious.
I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
I've had such an off week but seeing you just turns me on.
How much does a polar beat weight? Enough to break the ice!
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
They say milk does a body good, but you're living proof!
You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.
You look beautiful today, just like every other day.
Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you.
I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?
Where do you hide your wings?
Is your name Mickey? Because you’re so FINE!
Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Can I have directions to your heart?
I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.
Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
Do you have a name or can I just call you mine?
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!
I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
Excuse me, but I’m really attracted to you and according to Newton’s laws of gravitation, you’re attracted to me too.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
I know the spring constant for my mattress. Wanna take some data?
I wish I were your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
If I was sin^2 and you were cos^2, together we would be 1.
Were your parents engineers? Because you have a nice design.
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
You have cuter dimples than a cardioid!
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Let’s convert our potential energy to kinetic energy.
You are like a high amperage current and I’m a high resistance wire, cause you’ve got me hot.
Nice set of parabolas!
I heard you like roses, so here’s a polar coordinate graph of r=1+cos(theta).
Yes, that is a slide rule in my pocket.
Would you like to be the numerator or the denominator?
I'll take you to the limit as x approaches infinity.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
You must be differentiable, because all I see are smooth curves.
Your body has the nicest arc length I’ve ever seen.
You’re hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
Your 127.0.0.1 or mine?
What do you say me go make some perpetual motion?
You’re like the top of an Intel Processor - very hot!
You NP-complete me.
I’d switch to emacs for you.
I would really like to bisect your angle.
I won't stop bugging you until I get the address of your home page.
You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
If I said you had a nice calculator, would you hold it against me?
Damn, you must be a strong magnetic field cause you just induced a flow somewhere in me.
I’d like to browse through your clothes like I browse through Firefox.
Can I do your Systems Analysis?
Are you a piece of carbon? Because I would love to date you.
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge.
I'd like to demonstrate with you simple harmonic motion.
The volume of a generalized cylinder has been known for thousands of years, but you won't know the volume of mine until tonight.
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
Can I see your blueprints? I want to lay some pipe in you and need to know that you’re structurally sound enough to do so.
That outfit would look even better accelerating towards my bedroom floor at 9.8 m/s^2
I like the area bounded by your two curves.
When I see that body of yours it creates a stress on my heart and a strain on my "beam".
Has anyone ever called you FAT? They were dead-wrong! You are NTFS, obviously.
Hey, wanna come back to my lab and work with my microprocessor?
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function.
Life without you is like dereferencing a NULL pointer.
You hear that? The ocean wants you to join me for a drink.
Do you know how I got these biceps? By lifting children out of poverty.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart
If you're advertising, I'm buying!
If I were writing an essay on your beauty, I wouldn't need to double-space or increase the margin sizes to satisfy the minimum page requirement.
Hi, I have big feet.
I just got this naughty list from Santa and I'm pretty sure you're on it.
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
I’m not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Date material.
They say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Well apparently, no one has ever been standing next to you.
For some reason, I was feeling a little off today. But when you came along, you definitely turned me on.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I’m lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.
Are you sure you’re not tired? You’ve been running through my mind all day.
Is there an airport nearby or is it my heart taking off?
Was your parent ever a boxer? Because damn, you’re a knockout!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Mine was just stolen.
Would you grab my arm, so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
There’s only one thing I want to change about you, and that’s your last name.
Hi, how was heaven when you left it?
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I pass by again?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be Pretty Cute.
Did it hurt? When you fell from heaven?
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’ve been searching for.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see!
Hello, I’m a thief, and I’m here to steal your heart.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.
I’m sorry, were you talking to me? If not, please start.
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I’d die.
Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.
You don’t need keys to drive me crazy.
Are you a dictionary? Cause you’re adding meaning to my life.
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
I’m no mathematician, but I’m pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
Didn’t I see you on the cover of Vogue?
You must be a broom, because you just swept me off my feet.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Are you French because Eiffel for you.
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants!
Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
Are you made of Copper and Tellurium? Because you are Cu-Te
Do you have 11 protons? 'Cause you're Sodium fine!
Do you like Science? Because I've got my ion you!
You must be gibberelin, because I'm experiencing some stem elongation.
You make my anoxic sediments want to increase their redox potential.
Are you made of Nickel, Cerium, Arsenic and Sulfur? Because you've got a NiCe AsS!
Hey, will a little more alcohol catalyze this reaction
Didn't you know that chemists do it periodically on the table?
I just bought a molecular model kit, want to play with my stick and balls?
I bet you're like calcium bicarbonate - if I get you wet, the reaction will be explosive!
Are you made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon? 'Cause you are F-I-Ne
Me and you would undergo a more energetic reaction then Potassium and water.
Are you a compound of Beryllium and Barium? Because you're a total BaBe.
I'm more attracted to you then F is attracted to an electron.
I will fondle your vesicles while you caress my golgi body.
I want to work on your leucine zipper with my zinc fingers.
If you were oxygen, I would be an alkali metal so i could get in you and explode!
We fit together like the sticky ends of recombinant DNA.
You are the photon to my photosystem: you excite my electron until I reach my reaction centre.
You're hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
If you were an element, you'd be Francium, because you're the most attractive.
If I were a neurotransmitter, I would be dopamine so I could activate your reward pathway.
I don't need neurons to stimulate your sensory system.
Hey, wanna put your alpha helix in my beta barrel?
Hey, why don't you get your ligase working on my okazaki fragment and lengthen my strand.
Hey, are you an alpha carbon, because you look susceptible to backside attack!
Do you want to extract some protein from my column?
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
Everyone knows its not the size of the vector that matters, but the way the force is delivered.
How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
If I was an endoplasmic reticulum, how would you want me: smooth or rough?
We can make a mess as I've hired some lysosomes to clean up after.
My hypothalamus must be secreting serotonin because I want you!
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you.
You’re so cute you make my zygomaticus muscles contract.
I wish I were Adenine because then I could get paired with U.
You’re like telophase, I admire your cleavage.
Are you a non-volatile particle? Because you raise my boiling point.
Hey, want to form a synapse with me and exchange neurotransmitters?
Hey, want to form a zygote?
It’s a good thing you've got evaporative cooling, cause I’m going to make you sweat.
Want to be my substrate/enzyme?
If my right leg is the cell wall and my left the membrane, do you want to be the cytoplasm?
If you were a concentration gradient I'd go down on you.
If you were C6, and I were H12, all we would need is the air we breathe to be sweeter than sugar.
Whenever I am near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away.
I want to stick to u like glue-cose.
You must be the one for me, since my selectively permeable membrane let you through.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
I know you're busy today, but can you add me to your to-do list?
If you were a steak you would be well done.
Are you cake? Cause I want a piece of that.
My love for you is like diarrhoea, I just can't hold it in.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
If you were a library book, I would check you out.
Are you a cat because I'm feline a connection between us
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see!
Are you a beaver? Cause dam!
Life without you is like a broken pencil... pointless.
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, how would you like it if I came home with you?
I wish I were cross-eyed so I can see you twice
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Your lips look so lonely…Would they like to meet mine?
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
Pinch me, you’re so fine I must be dreaming.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
How much does a polar beat weight? Enough to break the ice!
Are you a 90 degree angle? Cause you are looking right!
If I were a transplant surgeon, I’d give you my heart.
Are you Israeli? Cause you Israeli hot.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9... And I'm the 1 you need.
Did it hurt? When you fell out of heaven?
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together.
Remember me? Oh, that’s right, I’ve met you only in my dreams.
Is your name Google? Because you've got everything I'm searching for.
Your hand looks heavy. Here, let me hold it for you.
I’ve been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look.
Are you from Starbucks because I like you a latte.
Are you a banana because I find you a peeling.
Do you like vegetables because I love you from my head tomatoes.
Have you been to the doctor's lately? Cause I think you're lacking some vitamin me.
Do you generate electricity with water through the process of hydro power? Because dammmm.
Do you like science because I've got my ion you.
Are you my appendix? Because I don't understand how you work but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
Do you like sales? Because if you're looking for a good one, clothing is 100% off at my place.
I know this is going to sound cheesy, but I think you're the gratest.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Does your left eye hurt? Because you’ve been looking right all day.
My feet are getting cold… because you’ve knocked my socks off.
If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
If looks could kill, you'd be a weapon of mass destruction.
Do you have a tan, or do you always look this hot?
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you from Japan cause I'm trying to get in Japanties.
If you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple.
I'll give you a kiss. If you don't like it, you can return it.
Did you swallow magnets? Cause you're attractive.
Are you from China? Because I'm China get your number.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
Are you craving Pizza? Because I’d love to get a pizz-a you
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart
Can you pinch me, because you're so fine I must be dreaming.
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
If you were words on a page, you’d be fine print.
Are you a keyboard ? Because you are my type.
There is something wrong with my phone. Could you call it for me to see if it rings?
I've seem to have lost my number, can I have yours?
If I had a garden I’d put your tulips and my tulips together
Did you hear of the new disease called beautiful, I think you're infected.
I thought Happiness starts with H. But why does mine starts with U.
If you were a vegetable you'd be a cutecumber.
You know what you would really look beautiful in? My arms.
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Feel my t-shirt, it’s made of boyfriend material.
You must be a magician, because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious.
You're like a dictionary... you add meaning to my life.
My doctor says I'm lacking vitamin U.
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk past again?
When a penguin finds a mate they stay with them for the rest of their life. Will you be my penguin?
Can I take a picture of you so santa knows what I want for christmas?
I'm new in town, could you give me directions to your apartment?
I'll cook you dinner, if you cook me breakfast
Good thing I just bought term life insurance … because I saw you and my heart stopped!
If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you, I’d be in a higher tax bracket.
Hey, my name’s Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
You’re so sweet, you’re giving me a toothache.
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!
When I look in your eyes, I see a very kind soul.
I never believed in love at first sight, but that was before I saw you.
Your eyes are like the ocean; I could swim in them all day.
So, aside from taking my breath away, what do you do for a living?
If you were a vegetable, you’d be a ‘cute-cumber.’
 Do you happen to have a Band-Aid? ‘Cause I scraped my knees falling for you.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got ‘fine’ written all over you.
I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week’s hottest single.
I was wondering if you could tell me: If you’re here, who’s running Heaven?
No wonder the sky is so dull — all the color is in your eyes.
You’ve got everything I’ve been searching for, and believe me—I’ve been looking a long time.
You’re like a fine wine. The more of you I drink in, the better I feel.
You’ve got a lot of beautiful curves, but your smile is absolutely my favorite.
If being smexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged.
I was wondering if you’re an artist because you were so good at drawing me in.
Do you have a map? I just got lost in your eyes.
I’d like to take you to the movies, but they don’t let you bring in your own snacks.
 You know what you would look really beautiful in? My arms.
I would never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find.
Are you a magician? It’s the strangest thing, but every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
I think there’s something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?
Hi, I just wanted to thank you for the gift. I’ve been wearing this smile ever since you gave it to me.
Are you an electrician? Because you’re definitely lighting up my day/night!
I’ve heard it said that kissing is the ‘language of love.’ Would you care to have a conversation with me about it sometime?
I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,’ but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.’
I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?
Do you know what the Little Mermaid and I have in common? We both want to be part of your world.
If you were a song, you’d be the best track on the album.
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight?
You know, I always thought that Disneyland was the ‘happiest place on Earth,’ but that was before I got a chance to stand here next to you.
Want to go outside and get some fresh air with me? You just took my breath away.
If you were a taser, you’d be set to ‘stun.’
If you were a Transformer, you’d be ‘Optimus Fine.’
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’m searching for.
Do you ever get tired from running through my thoughts all night?
You know, they say that love is when you don’t want to sleep because reality is better than your dreams. And after seeing you, I don’t think I ever want to sleep again.
Hey, I’m going for a walk. Would you mind holding my hand for me?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I try walking by again?
I’m really glad I just bought life insurance, because when I saw you, my heart stopped.
I’m not photographer, but I can definitely picture us together.
Would you mind giving me a pinch? You’re so cute, I must be dreaming.
Excuse me, do you have the time? I just want to remember the exact minute I got a crush on you.
Kiss me if I’m wrong but, dinosaurs still exist, right?
If I were a cat, I’d spend all nine of my lives with you.
You know, I had a pickup line ready to go, but you’re so hot it just left my mind.
When I text you goodnight later, what phone number should I use?
I’m not currently an organ donor, but I’d be happy to give you my heart.
I was going to say something really sweet about you, but when I saw you, I became speechless.
76.You know, I believe that honesty is the best policy, so to be perfectly honest, you’re the most beautiful person I’ve ever seen.
You must be a hell of a thief, because you managed to steal my heart from across the room.
There must be something wrong with my eyes because I can’t seem to take them off of you.
If you let me borrow a kiss, I promise I’ll give it right back.
Trust me, I’m not drunk. I’m just intoxicated by you.
I seem to have lost my number. Can I have yours?
I was just trying to buy a drink here, but you’re very distracting.
I started watching an interesting show last week, and I’d love to discuss it with someone. Have you heard of it?
I started reading an interesting book last week, and I’d love to discuss it with someone. Have you heard of it?
I was going to call you beautiful, but then I realized I don’t have your number yet.
Are you good at math? It doesn't matter since the only number I care about is yours.
Excuse me, I don’t mean to intrude, but you owe me a drink, because when I saw you, I dropped mine.
Are you any good at boxing? Because you look like a knockout.
It’s never easy meeting a complete stranger, especially one as beautiful as you, without being properly introduced. But can we try anyway?
I wish I’d paid more attention to science in high school, because you and I’ve got chemistry and I want to know all about it.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
You look like you know how to have a good time. Been on any adventures lately?
You know, I’m actually terrible at flirting. How about you try to pick me up instead?
Do you have a name, or can I just call you ‘mine?’
I’m not sure what it is yet, but something about you seems really interesting.
Even if there wasn’t any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you!
Hi, I’m writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Let me tie your shoes, cause I dont want you falling for anyone else.
I’m no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
You make my software turn into hardware!
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Cause your butt is refreshing.
You had me at "Hello World."
Want to see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
I hope you're an ISO file, because I'd like to mount you.
My servers never go down... but I do!
Hi, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
My 'up-time' is better than BSD.
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart.
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady.
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open?
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!
You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable.
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up.
Want to see my Red Hat?
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
You put the SPARC in my workstation.
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo.
Isn't your e-mail address personfrom@mydreams.com?
I'd switch to emacs for you.
What's a nice person like you doing in a chatroom like this?
No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing.
Nice Set of Floppies!
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.
I'd like to play on your laptop.
Where's the 'like' button for that smile?
You totally spiked my traffic.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Do you like Pizza Hut? Because I want to stuff your crust.
You’re like a pizza, Even when you are bad, you’re good.
I’m available with or without sausage.
I’m like Domino’s Pizza. If I don’t come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
If you were a pizza and I were cheese, I’d melt over you.
Are you craving some Pizza? Because I’ll gladly give you a pizz-a this dick!
You’re the only topping I need on my pizza.
Will you be the extra cheese to my pizza?
I know this is cheesy, but I think you’re SAUCY!
You have a trojan? hmm... I think I'll need to take a look at that backdoor.
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I’ll give you sudo access.
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video.
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen.
Your homepage or mine?
Hey, Let me hack your kernel.
No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you.
You auto-complete me.
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.
I was wondering if you'd like to go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter with your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook?
If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me!
You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads.
Do you know what the difference between a crush and a Facebook account is? I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten.
What do you say we play a game of "Words With More Than Friends?"
Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff, all my base are belong to you.
Need me to unzip your files?
Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them!
I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.'
How about we go home and you handle my exception?
If we were connected on Linkedin, I'd endorse you all night long.
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access.
Hey there, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.
Can I do a penetration test on your back door?
Can you put a Trojan on my Hard Drive?
Hey, can you sit on my laptop?
Can I stick my flash drive in your USB port?
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
My love for you is like dividing by zero– it cannot be defined.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I’d rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn’t have your number in it.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces.
Do you have a fever? You just look hot to me.
Let’s commit the perfect crime: I’ll steal you’re heart, and you’ll steal mine.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you’re hot as hell.
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
If I were a stop light, I’d turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil… pointless.
Do you have an eraser? Because I can’t get you out of my mind.
If you were a chicken, you’d be impeccable.
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
I’m on top of things. Would you like to be one of them?
I don’t know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
Hey, I didnt know angels flew so low.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because I want to spend it with you.
You must be Jelly, cause jam don’t shake like that.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Can you take me to the bakery? Because, I want a Cutiepie like you!
I think there’s something wrong with my eyes because I can’t take them off you.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.
You know, Dr. Phil says I’m afraid of commitment… Want to help prove him wrong?
Your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?]
Most people call me player, but you can call me tomorrow!
Hershey’s makes millions of kisses a day...All I’m asking for is one from you.
The drink: $6. The room: $100. The night with you?: Priceless.
Your lips look so lonely… Would they like to meet mine?
Are you Cinderella? Cause’ I see that dress coming off at midnight!
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
If you were words on a page, you’d be what they call FINE PRINT!
Are you a sailor? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
I wish I was cross-eyed, so I could see you twice.
If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.
Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!
If you were a steak you would be well done.
It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Is your name Katrina? Because you rock me like a hurricane!
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
Are you a microwave oven? Cause you melt my heart.
Have you heard of Platform 9 and 3/4? Well, I can think of something else with the exact same measurements.
If you were a Dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss.
My name may not be Luna, but I sure know how to Lovegood!
I know we're not in Professor Flitwick's class, but you still are charming.
My love for you burns like a dying phoenix
Being without you is like being afflicted with the Cruciatus Curse.
Hagrid's not the only giant on campus, if you know what I mean.
Your name must be Severus Severus, because you're making my prince full blood.
Interested in making some magic together? My wand is at the ready.
I must have had some Felix Felicis, because I think I'm about to get lucky.
Without you I feel like I'm in Azkaban and dementors are sucking away my soul.
I've been whomping my willow thinking about you.
If I were to look into the Mirror of Erised, I'd see the two of us together.
Did you survive the Avada Kedavra curse? Because you're drop dead gorgeous.
Your smile is like Expelliarmus. Simple but disarming.
You must be my horcrux, because you complete me.
Going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?
You are like a bottle of Skele-Gro: You're growing me a bone.
You must be magical, because I've fallen under your spell.
I'm not wearing an invisibility cloak, but do you think I could still visit your restricted section tonight?
I'd like to get my basilisk into your chamber of secrets. You don't even have to say "Luminos Maxima" to turn me on!
Have you been using the Petrificus Totalus spell? Because you've made me stiff.
You're the only thing I need in my Room of Requirement.
Do you want to head to the Shrieking Shack? We could do some shrieking of our own
Are you using the Confundus charm or are you just naturally mind blowing?
Come on, let's do it Hippogriff style!
I heard you were in Gryffin-whore, because you let every wizard slyther-in.
I wanna stick my half-blood prince inside your chamber of secrets, and release the prisoner of azkaban to give you the deathly hallows.
The Sorting Hat saw my destiny, and it said I'm meant to be in your house.
One night with me and they'll be calling you MOANING Myrtle.
You can have the portkey to my heart.
Come here, I'll show you a REAL Patronus.
Do you like Harry Potter? Because I a-Dumbledore you!
I'd let you handle my wand any day!
Is that a wand in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Did you make me your horcrux? Because my heart stopped when I met you.
Harry Potter may be the Boy Who Lived, but you're my Chosen One.
Are you a Snitch? Because you're the finest catch here.
You may be a muggle, but that body is magical.
You must be a Snitch, because I've been Seeking you my whole life.
How was heaven when you left it?
Are you lost ma’am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
If you were a steak you would be well done.
You don’t need keys to drive me crazy.
It’s dark in here. Wait! It’s because all of the light is shining on you.
I’ll be Burger King and you be McDonald’s. I’ll have it my way, and you’ll be lovin’ it.
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you everyone else disappears.
Do you like soda? Because I’d mount-and-do you.
Help! I’ve fallen for you and I can’t get up!
If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.
Is there a rainbow today? I just found the treasure I’ve been searching for!
Mmmm, you bring new meaning to the word “edible”.
If I had a rose for everytime I thought of you, I’d be walking through my garden forever.
I'll tell you my name so you know what to scream.
If you were a tear drop, I would never cry for the fear of losing you.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Looks like you dropped something , My jaw!
Please call an ambulance, your beauty is killing me!
Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
Ouch! My tooth hurts because you're way too sweet!
Sorry, I can’t hold on… I’ve already fallen for you.
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
You’re so sweet, you put Hershey’s outta business.
Excuse me, if I go straight this way, will I be able to reach your heart?
It’s not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!
Do you remember me? Oh that’s right, we’ve only met in my dreams.
My love for you is like dividing by zero. It’s undefinable.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put ‘U’ and ‘I’ together.
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
Pinch me, because you’re so fine I must be dreaming.
I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
Every time i see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Your butt is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.
Is there an airport nearby or is that my heart taking off?
If you were ground coffee, you’d be Espresso cause you’re so fine.
Where do you hide your wings?
Like Motel 6, I’ll leave the light on for you.
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I’d turn red, just to stare at you longer.
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you’re the only one I’d like to mount.
So, I see you eat with utensils. Well, I’ve got one that I’m just dying to put in your drawers.
I don't think I know you, which is a shame, because I’d sure like to.
I’ve got an alarm clock that makes the best sound in the morning. Would you like to come and hear it?
Were do you hide your wings?
Give me a bottle of wine and I'll make you mine.
You’re so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Is your name “swiffer”? ‘Cause you just swept me off my feet.
Say, that’s a nice outfit, can I talk you out of it?
Are you an interior decorator? ‘Cause when I saw you, the room became beautiful.
I must be in heaven because I’m looking at an angel!
You know, my lips won’t just kiss themselves...
I must be a snowflake, because I’ve fallen for you.
I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are!
My love for you is like the energizer bunny, it keeps going and going...
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
Do you like blueberries or strawberries, ’cause I want to know what kind of pancakes to order in the morning.
It’s not the size of the boat. It’s the motion of the ocean.
I’m hung like a tic tac. Wanna freshen your breath?
Is that a ladder in your stockings or the stairway to heaven?
Someone vacuum my lap, I think you needs a clean place to sit.
Let’s play hockey. I”ll be the net, and you can score.
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
I could use some spare change and you’re a dime.
It’s a new world order. Have your way with me.
I don’t know you, but I think I love you already.
Did Zeus take the thunder out the skys and put it in your thighs?!
If I were the king, and you were the queen, in the cosmic game of chess, would you mate with me?
Hey… Didn’t I see your name in the dictionary under “Shazaam!”?
If people were trophies, you’d be first place!
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
May I flirt with you?
You’re so attractive, the gravitational disturbance is causing my galactic center to elongate.
Hey, I’m not just going to show you the world, I’ll show you the universe.
Do you live on Mars? ‘Cause you look out of this world.
Hey, are you made up of dark matter? Because you’re indescribable.
I’m an astronaut and my next mission is to explore Uranus.
Are you the moon? Because even when it’s dark you still seem to shine.
You radiate in the shortest wavelengths I’ve ever encountered.
Hey, mind if i send my probe into your wormhole?
Is that a telescope in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
Hey, are you the sun? Because you’re the center of my universe.
Hey! Let me orbit around that ass.
Are you an exoplanet? Because I’m bad at astronomy and pick up lines.
How about you let me take you to the Planetarium? We can learn about astronomy then afterward maybe I can explore Uranus.
Your eyes look like dark black holes, but that’s alright, because I like astronomy.
Hey beautiful! Your face is like a moon. Always glowing.
There will only be 7 planets left after I destroy Uranus.
Care to experience some thrust?
I think you might be a star, because I can't stop orbiting around you.
Do you also feel the strong gravitational pull of my bed?
Do you work for NASA? Because you're out of this world.
How about you and I form a binary system?
My space ship is ready. Wanna ride?
Hey, wanna witness a gamma ray burst?
Ever wonder what's happening under Orion's belt?
Hey, wanna come to my place and observe something else that's constantly expanding?
Hey, how'd you like to recreate the Big Bang?
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Are you into astronomy? Because your ass is out of this world.
You make my telescope expand.
You're like a white dwarf star, extremely hot but not very bright.
Hey, how many Gamma-ray bursts can your Milky Way take?
Kiss me! Let me taste your sweet lips before the asteroid destroys earth
Nice asteroids.
Mind if my comet enters your solar system?
My pants are approaching escape velocity.
Somebody needs to call the bomb squad, because you’re the bomb!
Just where do those legs of yours end?
My mattress is a little hard. Would you like to help me break it in?
Is your name daisy? Because I have a sudden urge to plant you right here!
Hey, so I’m new in town.
What do you want for Christmas? A date with you!
You make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
You know, I wanna go inside your wine cabinet and pull myself out a stiff one.
Do you bleach your teeth? ‘Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let’s go prove it.
My name is Haywood. Haywood Jablome.
So what haven’t you been told tonight?
My name isn’t Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
I hope you like dragons, because I’ll be dragon my balls across your face tonight.
I’m easy. Are you?
May I end this sentence with a proposition?
Oh, I’m sorry, I thought that was a Braille name tag.
I’ve got a big nose, big hands, and really big feet. That’s right, I’m a clown.
Let’s have breakfast together tomorrow; shall I call you or nudge you?
My bologna has a first name…
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
Hey, are you like Sprite because you make me want to obey my thirst.
Didn’t I see you on the cover of Vogue?
I’d never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I’m not that pretty but damn look at you.
I am going to complain to Spotify about you not being this weeks hottest single.
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall… is in love with me.
I’m no organ donor but I’d be happy to give you my heart.
You look familiar, didn’t we take a class together? I could’ve sworn we had chemistry.
Roses are red violets are blue I didn’t know what perfect was until I met you
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Can I follow you? Because my parents told me to follow my dreams
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Your hand looks heavy can i hold it for you?
If I had to rate you out of 10 I’d rate you a 9… because I am the one that you are missing!
I heard you’re good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
Are you a keyboard? Because you’re just my type.
I would take you to the movies but they don’t allow snacks
There isn’t a word in the dictionary to describe how beautiful you are.
Even though there aren’t any stars out tonight, you’re still shining like one
Roses are red violets are blue, I can’t rhyme but can I date you?
Of all your beautiful curves, your smile is my favourite.
If I were a cat i’d spend all 9 lives with you.
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Your lips look lonely would they like to meet mine?
Roses are red, violets are blue, lava is hot and so are you.
I think the gap between my fingers were meant for yours.
I lost my teddy bear can i sleep with you tonight?
Are you a bank loan? Because you got my interest
Do you have a band aid? Cause I scrapped my knees falling for you.
You know what’s beautiful? Read the first word.
I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.
Want to know what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me.
You’re That “Nothing” When People Ask Me What I’m Thinking About.
Roses are red, violets are blue, it would be a shame if I couldn’t date you!
I should call you Google, because you have everything I’m looking for.
If kisses were snowflakes, I’d send you a blizzard.
Do you like koalas? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Are you the sun? Because you’re so beautiful it’s blinding me.
If you were a basketball, I’d never shoot because I’d always miss you.
Do you play soccer? Because you’re a keeper!
Even though there aren’t any stars out tonight, you're still shining like one.
Roses are red and violets are blue there’s nothing in the world more prettier than you
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
I’m no electrician, but I can light up your day.
Can you touch me? I want to tell my friends I was touched by an Angel.
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
Your so cute its distracting
Wanna grab a coffee because i like you a latte!
If you were a potato you’d be a sweet one.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you’re CuTe!
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness
I know somebody who likes you but if I weren’t so shy, I’d tell you who.
I don’t believe in love at first sight, but I’m willing to make an exception in your case
Knock knock who’s there? Baby Yoda. Baby Yoda who? Baby Yoda one for me!
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you.
I’m feeling a little bit off today, but you definitely turned me on.
Is your name dunkin? Because i donut want to spend another day without you.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Is your body from McDonald’s? Cause I’m loving it!
Can I borrow a quarter? I want to call my friends and tell them I just met the person of my dreams.
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
If I’d follow you home, would you keep me?
You can’t be my first, but you can be my last.
I lost my rubber duckie. Would you bathe with me instead?
Your smile lit up the room, so I just had to come over.
Are you a volcano? Because i lava you
Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you’re acute-y!
Are you made out of grapes? Because you are fine as wine!
Do you drink Pepsi? Because you’re so-da-licious!
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Are you the ocean? Because I want to swim in you all day
Do you like star wars? Because yoda only one for me!
The letter ‘X’ scares me, because I never want to be yours.
Spoon me like your favorite ice cream!
Are you the cure for Alzheimer’s? Because you’re unforgettable.
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
I might be ugly but I’ll treat you right!
Keep an eye out for elves with ropes and a blindfold! Why? Cause I asked Santa for you this Christmas
I may not be good at dancing but i can tangle with with you all night long.
You so lovely, you make me wanna go out and get a job
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
You know how I got these guns? Lifting children out of poverty.
You can’t be my first, but you could be my next.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
Your mom told me to say “Hi” to you
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
Hey, my name’s Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Do you like dried fruits? How do you feel about a date?
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put U and I together.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?
If you were a chicken, you’d be impeccable.
Did your license get suspended for driving all everyone crazy?
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you’re hot.
It’s a good thing I have my library card, because I am totally checking you out.
I’m studying to become a historian. I’m especially interested in finding a date.
Anyone who says Disneyland is the happiest place on Earth has clearly never stood next to you!
Did you invent the airplane? Because you seem just Wright!
Are you a magician? Because when I’m looking at you, you make everyone else disappear!
Are you a camera? Because I look at you and smile
Any chance you have an extra heart? Mine’s been stolen!
Are you a phaser on Star Trek? Because you’re set to stun!
They say nothing lasts forever, so would you be my nothing?
I hope our love will be like the number Pi, irrational and endless!
Are you a charger? Because I’m dying without you!
Even in zero gravity, I would still fall for you!
Are you a broom? Because you’ve swept me off my feet!
I’m no mathematician, but I’ve been told I’m good with numbers. How about you give me yours so I can prove it?
Not even Snape could Severus apart
You’re so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line
I was blinded by your beauty and I’m going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Life without you is like a broken pencil, pointless
Something’s wrong with my eyes, because I can’t take them off you
You’re so sweet, you’re giving me a toothache
Do you have a map? I keep getting lost in your eyes
You must be tired from running through my mind all night
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’ve been searching for
We’re not socks, but I think we’d make a great pair.
Do you have a BandAid? I just scraped my knee falling for you
I’m sorry, were you talking to me? No? Would you like to?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet butt.
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
Are you a florist? Cause ever since I met you, my life has been Rosey.
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.
Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.
I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the 7 digits of your phone number?
I wish I was your second derivative so I could investigate your concavities.
You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
Hey, what's your sine?
I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
By looking at you I can tell you're 36-25-36, which by the way are all perfect squares.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
Are you a 90 degree angle? 'Cause you are looking right!
My love for you is like pi... never ending.
I'd like to plug my solution into your equation.
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
I am equivalent to the Empty Set when you are not with me.
I don’t like my current date. Mind if I do a you-substitution?
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds. What? You don’t believe me? Well, then, let’s try it with your phone number.
Hey, want to Squeeze my Theorem while I poly your nomial?
Hey...nice asymptote.
I'm not being obtuse, but you're acute person.
I don't know if you're in my range, but I'd sure like to take you back to my domain.
Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you're acute-y.
My love for you is like y=2^x... exponentially growing.
I'll take you to your limit if you show me your end behavior.
Can I explore your mean value?
The derivative of my love for you is 0, because my love for you is constant.
I'm good at math... let's add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply!
Our love is like dividing by zero... you cannot define it.
If you were a graphics calculator, I'd look at your curves all day long!
I've been secant you for a long time.
If I'm sine and you're cosine, wanna make like a tangent?
Meeting you is like making a switch to polar coordinates: complex and imaginary things are given a magnitude and a direction.
Being without you is like being a metric space in which exists a cauchy sequence that does not converge.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
You are the solution to my homogeneous system of linear equations.
I heard you're good at algebra - Could you replace my X without asking Y?
Are you a math teacher? Because you got me harder than calculus.
I'll take you to the limit as X approaches infinity.
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge
You must be the square root of two because I feel irrational around you.
Let me integrate our curves so that I can increase our volume
If i were a function you would be my asymptote - I always tend towards you.
Your beauty cannot be spanned by a finite basis of vectors.
I wish I was your problem set, because then I'd be really hard, and you'd be doing me on the desk.
My love is like an exponential curve - it's unbounded
My love for you is like a fractal - it goes on forever.
My love for you is like the derivative of a concave up function because it is always increasing. we're going to assume this concave up function resembles x^2 so that slopes is actually increasing.
I hope you know set theory because I want to intersect and union you
You've got more curves than a triple integral.
Honey, you're sweeter than pi.
If you were sin^2x and I was cos^2x, then together we'd make one.
You're like a student and I'm like a math book... you solve all my problems!
My friends told me that I should ask you out because you can't differentiate.
Do you need math help? Wanna expand my polynomial?
Sorry, but you owe me a drink, because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.
Do you drink Pepsi? Because you're so-da-licious!
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!
Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?
I’ll give up my morning cereal to spoon you instead.
Can I have your Instagram? My parents said I should follow my dreams.
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.
I was blinded by your beauty... I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together.
If you were a flower you'd be a damnnn-delion
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Damn, if being smexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart? Mine seems to have been stolen
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling
Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.
Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
Put down that cupcake... you're sweet enough already.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!
Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you’re blowing me away.
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces
If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
If I’m vinegar, then you must be baking soda. Because you make me feel all bubbly inside!
You must be the cure for Alzheimer’s, because you’re unforgettable.
Please call 9-1-1, because you just made my heart stop!
You're so hot, that if you ate a piece of bread, you'd poop out toast!
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!
Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!
Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you’re Russian my heart rate!
I’m in the mood for pizza... a pizza you, that is!
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
Nice hair, wanna mess it up?
I would flirt with you, but I’d rather seduce you with my awkwardness.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
If you were a booger I'd pick you first.
Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.
Do you have the time? The time to write down my number?
Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.
Are you a good cuddler? I might let you join my gang.
Even if you had 0 followers, I’d follow you anywhere.
People call me crazy, but you can call me tonight.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.
Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you’re acute-y!
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda only one for me!
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning? Because you are glowing!
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.
How was heaven when you left it?
Did you fart, cause you blew me away.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.
I didn't know that angels could fly so low!
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.
Excuse me, but you dropped something back there. This conversation. Lets pick it up later tonight.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!
I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.
Wanna go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.
Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!
You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.
You’re so attractive that my phone gets hot just from talking to you.
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious.
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.
Did it hurt when you fell out of heaven?
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.
If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!
Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard
If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.
Do you like Mexican food? Cause I want to wrap you in my arms and make you my BAE-RITTO.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Blue eyes, red lips, pale face. So pretty. You look like the flag of France.
Even though there aren't any stars out tonight, you're still shining like one.
If you were a potato you'd be a sweet one.
Please call an ambulance, your beauty is killing me.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.
Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect
I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.
Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!
I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!
Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.
Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart
I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime?
Be unique and different, say yes.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And I'm lost at sea.
You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?Pinch me because you're so fine I must be dreaming.
If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say "I love you" with my last breath!
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.
You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
I’m learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?
I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.
I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What’s your number?
Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.
Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're "mmmm... good!"
Mario is red. Sonic is blue. Press start to join and be my player 2.
I usually press “X” to pick up weapons. Does that work for picking YOU up as well?
Don't worry, I'm a gamer, so you can trust me to be good with my fingers.
I'm like an Xbox... I can go 360 all night long!
I need experience points. Will you help?
Do you like Nintendo? Cause Wii would look good together.
Are you a Wii? Because I love your joystick!
Are you a pikachu? Because you are shockingly beautiful
Even though it would mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
I'll wait for you like I wait for Steam sales
Roses are red, violets are blue. If you were a Pokemon, I'd choose you.
Are you a care package? Because you must've fallen from heaven.
Is your name Joy? Cause I want you to jump on my stick!
Are you made of Diamonds, because I'm digging you.
Are you an Xbox 360? Cause I'll do you till you got 3 red rings.
Wanna leave this lobby and go into a private match?
If I was Mario, you would be my only star.
Are you a magic mushroom? Because you are making me grow.
If Princess Toad looked liked you, I would have killed Bowser years ago!
You are hotter than Din's fire
I think something is wrong with my auto-aim. I can't take my eyes off you.
Are you Alienware? Because you are out of this world.
Are you a video game cause I think you’re my Destiny!
If you were a warp tube, I'd be in you all day.
I took an arrow to the knee... from cupid, after seeing you.
I got more game than a PS4!
Are you using hacks? Cause as soon as you joined this lobby I got a hardened perk.
You light my Deku Stick on fire.
You must be a pressure plate, because you turn me on.
Are you Mortal Kombat? Your beauty has finished me
Are you related to Glass Joe? Because you're an easy Knockout!
I want to ride you harder than Mario rides Yoshi.
Full character customization could never capture your beauty
Call me Lara Croft because I'm about to go Tomb Raiding.
Nice pants. What's the drop rate?
It takes two to play Pong
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Because that butt is refreshing
Are you a slimeball? Cause you make my piston stick
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
You are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.
Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?
Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle
If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
How much does a polar bear weigh? Enough to break the ice... Hey there.
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
You got a jersey? Because I need your name and number.
You’re so cute it’s distracting!
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
This time next year let’s be laughing together.
Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Hey, I must be a light switch, cuz every time I see you, you turn me on!
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!
I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
I could use some spare change and you're a dime.
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.
Apart from being smexy, what do you do for a living?
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.
What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!
You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.
You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.
Are you a pikachu? Because you are shockingly beautiful.
Do you wanna battle? 'Cuz my balls are at the ready!
My love for you burns like a Charizard's tail.
If I were a Nidoking, you would be my Nidoqueen.
If I were a Milktank, I'd use ATTRACT on you.
Looking at your butt makes my bulba soar
Want to register your number in my PokeNav?
Is that a Sudowoodo in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
I'd like to ride you like a HORSEA.
When I look at you, my Metapod can't get any harder.
You remind me of Pokemon, I just want to Pikachu.
Do you wanna play my Poke Flute?
When I'm around you, I am like a Geodude, as hard as a rock!
I want to Squirtle all over your Jigglypuffs.
Do you wanna play with my Poke Balls?
I think I need a Paralyze Heal, because you're stunning.
My Pokeballs are SWIFT in your mouth.
Are you a RARE CANDY? 'cuz I feel a level-up.
If you were a Pokemon, I'D CHOOSE YOU!
Do you wanna LICKILICKY my icky sticky.
My Donphan won't ROLLOUT for you much longer.
Do you wanna see what's in my ball bag?
Do you wanna see my POLI-WAG?
Like an Umbreon, I also evolve at night.
Can I fertilize you with my sunkern?
How would you like me to use my Onix to BIND you to my bed?
My Gyarados is BIG enough for you to ride it ALL day and night.
I’d love to get a peek at your Rat-tatas!
Hey, wanna SPOINK?
I've got Masterballs.
Your more beautiful than a Beautifly.
Let's have a Togepi of our own!
Want my Caterpie to use String Shot on you?
I'd like to get in your rock tunnel.
What's your favorite move? Mine is LICK.
You'll be WEEZING after I'm done with you.
You've got the lips of a Jynx!
Can I get into YOUR Secret Base?
You make my Darkrai rise.
You remind me of Deoxys, you're out of this world.
Those are some nice HOOTHOOTS you got there.
I just want to stick it in your wooper.
The name's kock..i mean brock..wait, i said that right.
My Kadabra just used Future Sight, and it looks like we've got a future together.
How would you like to see my viridian forest, well it's not really viridian.
How about you come and see my safari zone.
Want to ride my emPOLEon?
You're such a good catch, i think i'll use my only MASTER BALL on you.
Let's make like a Super Rod and hook up.
I'm going to Hoppip into your pants.
My Shellder wants to clamp onto your Slowpoke's tail!
Squirtle isn't the ONLY one that can use water gun. - wink -
STD’s are not like Pokemon, but with you I gotta catch ‘em all! Wanna help me out?
Do you like Pokeballs because you're about to get really close to one of mine.
I wish I was a Seaking, so I could HORN DRILL you.
Let's make RegiLove!
Want to Link your cable onto me?
I'd like to Leech my Seeds into you.
You put the "Wiggle" in Wigglytuff.
Aipom's pretty good with his hands, and so am I.
I wanna see your Squirtle squirt.
If I was a Pokemon right now, I'd be an Erectabuzz
If you were in a Pokemon Contest, you'd win first place in the Beauty/Cuteness category.
I think we're going to need Defog (HM05) before the night is done.
I'd like to Slowpoke your Cloyster.
Are you a Hitmonlee cause your body is kickin'.
My Typhlosion knows Eruption.
You make me feel like an Electrode, you give me an EXPLOSION in my pants.
You make me errupt like the Cinnabar Island volcano.
You must be a Charmander because you're getting me hot.
Let's make like the pages of this guide book and get under the covers.
I'm a Mismagius. I'll make all of your wildest dreams come true.
My Lickitung can reach deeper than you can imagine!
Don't make me use Water Gun all over you!
Are you from the Hoenn Region? 'Cuz you're the only HO I see.
I wanna Munchlax your Cloyster.
I'm a real Machamp, if you know what I mean.
How about you use REST, so i can sleep with you.
My Typhlosion knows EXPLOSION!!
You put the "Double-D" in Dodou.
I heard Meowth's not the only mischievious pussy in town.
Have you been taking lessons from a Lickitung?
Did you just FLASH(HM 05) me?
Your gonna need a HYPERPOTION by the time i'm done with you.
You put the "BONE" in Cubone.
You set my Chimchar on fire.
I'll use ROCK CLIMB in your Fortress.
My Diglett's attracted to your SWEET SCENT.
Did you use CONFUSE RAY?, cuz your making me dizzy.
Do you wanna see my NUGGETS? I'd POUND you with my Piplup.
You make me RY-HORNY!
You just gave me a Cubone.
My Bulbasaur knows TICKLE.
I can make your Jigglypuffs sing.
I can make your Milktanks moo.
I wish you and I were Weedles, so you and I could make a Kakuna and evolve together.
Hey, I've got some legendary pokemon, do you want to touch my pokeballs to see just how legendary they are?
If you were a pokemon, you'd be a Squirtle, cause you make me wet!
Let's go make a Mewtwo of our own.
I wish I was a Magikarp, so I could use SPLASH on you!
My Exeggcute are pretty weak.
Let's battle so they can get some experience.
Wanna watch my EKANS evolve?
I made you some MOO-MOO MILK, but I forgot to use my Milktank.
You make my Gyrados HYDROPUMP
I wanna spread HONEY on your Forretress.
If I were a Ghastly, I'd seep right through your pants.
You give my Gengar that smile
If I were a Hitmonchan, I'd Thunderpunch dat butt.
Is that a TANGELA down there?
Do you wanna see my BELL-SPROUT?
Will you use ROCK POLISH on my Pokeballs?
I wish I was an Abra, so I could TELEPORT to your bedroom.
If I were a Pidgeotto, I'd GUST your pants off.
It's a good thing that I'm a pokemon trainer and can handle your Jigglypuffs!
If I were a Clefairy, I'd DOUBLE-SLAP dat butt.
Do you have a Ditto in your pocket because I can see myself in your pants.
My Magikarp knows a little more than SPLASH if you know what I mean.
I like to compare myself with Smeargle...I'm pretty handy with a paintbrush.
I think I'm going to need a Burn Heal because you're hot.
You put the "cool" in Tentacool.
Why don't you and me go back to my gym and have a naked battle.
Do you want to help my ekans learn intercourse?
starMiE and starYU belong together do you get the message?
I've got an Onyx, and if you come over to my place I'll show you his move Earthquake.
I wish you were the ground and I was a Diglett so I could be inside of you
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!
I can't think of anyone else I’d rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.
Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.
Hey, how did you do that?  Look so good?
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot.
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.
Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.
Your butt is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.
Stop, drop, and roll, because you are on FIRE!
You're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.
I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!
If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.
Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
You’re my favorite weakness.
You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.
I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Hey, you've got something on your butt - my eyes
This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.
You make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you.
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!
I don't know you, but I think I love you already.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together
Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.
If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...
Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
You're hotter than donut grease.
Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.
If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
You're so hot, you denature my proteins.
Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state?
Can I be your enzyme? because my active site is dying for a chemical reaction.
You give me more jolt than a mitochondria!
Right now we’re just two RNA, but maybe we could transcribe together and become DNA.
I have a smooth endoplasmic reticulum but know that I like it rough, if you know what I mean.
I also prefer my ribosomes bound tight.
You be the battery, I'll be the aluminum foil and together we'll light up the world.
Spin me round with your basal body and make sure it's turgid.
Do you like aerobic respiration as much as I do?
You, me, here... this couldn't be any better if I programmed the holodeck myself!
Your mouth says, 'Shields up!', but your eyes say, 'A hull breach is imminent.'
I can't help it -- my eyes are trapped in the gravitational field of your breasts!
Why don't we head to my bedroom, peel back my Star Wars sheets, and discover what a true Jedi can do with his light-saber?
Honey, you've been looking for love in Alderaan places!
I may look like an Ewok, but I'm all Wookie where it counts.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Yoda one for me.
I usually Han Solo, but I'd let you turn on my light saber!
What's a person like you doing in a place like this when there's a Farscape marathon on right now on the Sci Fi channel.
"Urkuk lu Stalga." That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
If you think Chewbacca is hairy, wait until you see my wookie!
Once you make love to someone with Vulcan ears on you never go back.
How 'bout I slip into something more comfortable... like these STAR TREK VOYAGER pajamas!
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Not only can I beam you aboard, I can beam you a woody.
Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo!
Someone must have shot you with a phaser set on 'stunning'.
Tell me of this thing you humans call, uh, love.
I’ve got something big in my torpedo tube.
We don’t need a holodeck. I’ll make all your fantasies come true.
I’m Wesley Crushing on you.
You’re hotter than the flames on Mustafar
Take off your clothes, and let’s start the next generation.
Scanners show smexy life forms in this area... oh, it’s only you.
I feel a great disturbance... in my pants!
Are you from the holodeck? Because you’re too beautiful to be real.
Are you a sith lord? Because I’ve Fallen for you.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Forgive my Kirk-like boldness, but you wanna go back to my mom's place and watch 'Dr. Who'?
Earth human, prepare to be probed!
Nice Asimov.
You must be one spicy dish because you’re making my heart burn.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
I wish I had some butter for them biscuits.
You’re so cute I could bottle you up in a mason jar.
You’re as complete as quinoa.
You remind me of cheese... I want you on everything!
Were you born in a farm? You look a-maize-ing.
If you were a fruit you'd be a Fineapple.
Do you sell hot dogs? Because you sure know how to make a wiener stand.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you’re Hot And I'm Ready.
Your cupcakes make my soufflés rise.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
You’re looking so sweet, you’ve got my eyes glazed over like doughnuts
If you were a vegetable, you’d be a CUTE-cumber.
I know milk does a body good, but damn girl, how much have you been drinking?
Anyone can sit here and buy you drinks. I want to buy you dinner!
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious
Can you put some hot sauce on my enchilada, I need some spice in my life
Life would be feta if we were togetha.
Are you a fruit? Cause honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I want to stuff your crust.
Do you live in a corn field? Cause I'm stalking you!
How about I dip my Wild Wings in your Buffalo sauce?
I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly
I'll be the Burger King, and you'll be the Dairy Queen... You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Did you just come from KFC, cause your thighs and breasts just gave me a drumstick.
You're like my favorite candy bar, half sweet, half nuts.
If you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Let me be a chicken nugget and take a dip in your sauce.
Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u
Omelette you in on a secret. You and I would brie perfectly gouda.
Can I double stuff your Oreo?
I do not fancy wines, I prefer moans.
I like my women like I like my doughnuts - HOT and HOLY!
Do you like Alphabet soup? Cause you gonna be choking on the D
Do you like Krispy Kreme? Cause I wanna glaze your donut.
Do you like hot dogs? Cause I'd like to put my weiner between those buns
I want you more then a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
You must work at subway, because you’re giving me a foot long.
When I'm around you I can't think straight.
Are you a burger, because you can be the meat between my buns!
Did you know that my dong is an 8.0 on the rectal scale?
May I stick a banana in your tailpipe?
Are you balding, because you sure do SHINE
Excuse me, could you help me out? I have an incredible itch that's buried deep in my butt.
I hope you dont have tetnus cause tonight you're gonna nail me.
We're having a wiener-measuring contest over there. Do you have a yardstick that we could borrow?
I hope you're not a vegetarian, 'cause I want to feed you some meat!
Hey there, you like glazed or creme filled?
I seem to have lost my underwear, can I see yours?
Do you like the Teletubbies? Because you look like Tinkie Winkie.
I'm an interior decorator. I can fill your interior.
You remind me of a Twinkie. Every time I bite into you, you cream in my mouth.
You’re so sweet you’d put Hershey's out of business!
You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!
Hershey’s makes millions of kisses a day. All I’m asking for is one from you.
I was going to get you a box of chocolates but you already have a sweeter box.
How about I dip my frozen yogurt in your hot fudge?
Do you like a cherry on top? If not, can I have yours?
Baby, I want you to be the Baskin to my Robbins, the Ben to my Jerry, my Dairy Queen of Queens.
You put the 'hot' in hot fudge sundae
I'm not here to play mind games. Except brain freeze.
It must be hot in here...cause you're making me melt
Lick me, I'm mint!
You must've just been churned,cause you're looking so fresh.
Can I double stuff your ice cream sandwich?
I brought you a small spoon, in case you wanted to sample my flavor.
I love you like how I love my sorbet – juicy.
I want you more then a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
If you're Rocky Road, then I would love to pave you.
You must be a gelato, because you make ice creams look bad.
You must be frozen yogurt, because I want to spoon you.
You're so smooth you're making me lose my chips!
You are like the sprinkles on my ice cream.
You are on my list of things I'd do for a klondike bar.
You could never be ice cream, because you are too hot!
Is that a drumstick in your pocket or you are just happy to see me?
I love you more than ice cream.
Are you Choco Taco? Because everyone wants you.
Are you made of ice cream? Because I can't wait to eat you up!
You can't spell Ice Cream without 'M-E'!
I must be made of pecan pralines, cause I am NUTS for you!
One scoop of me plus one scoop of you equals a big bowl of cute.